hello I am from terminals of
terminal photography this is our
second episode of the series on how
remote trigger for external flash
in the first episode we saw
how we could use our
embedded flash that is on the
most DSLR cameras
dslr if you have not seen this episode
I urge you to do so because
I covered several notions that do not
are not going to be repeated today
so today I was talking to you about a
another way to trigger your flash
external one used a command to
infrared that's what I have in my
this is the model of io io st
e 2 it is almost identical to the version
calibrate and share the same reference
pe of the audio version came out after
the calonne version and they have
improved three tricks such as
used batteries the cd doubles to and then
they say that the infrared ray is
more powerful on the model than the
model from canal + found
also a model for at nikon and
I like to believe that you have the same
thing at pentax and sony
so is it neither more nor less
that infrared infrared control
sorry like that of your TV
So here at the bank is what we have
in the panel for the infrared and here
is below so it's a very good
feature most of the time you
will use defla in
environments that will not have much
of ambient light and you can have
hard to establish the focus is this
part there will emit lights from
red lines
vertical and horizontal that will be
reflected on your subject and you go
able to establish your focus on these
lines and so have a good grip
so here is the back that is
we have and you know a picture here
which is displayed with the details we have
some buttons but it's very easy
in the end we have a button
load the strings you see a
two three four
we have the ratio button with right or
left and then we have a button on off
above the button with the hc what we
call the famous rising speed flash
it's for it's a mod for flashes
we will not talk about it today I will do
an episode very soon on this
subject and then the little button with
the lightning in the bottom left is the button
So test today to
other tests but what do we have the
talent of 60 on a tripod
we have the objective 50 mm 1.8 mark 2-2
at channel and then we have two flashes
slaves who are both on the
chain
1 so I'm going to pay attention to that
I'm on the flash the chain a pardon
on my on my order
and then our favorite model baby skype
the ambient light here but it's like
in our previous video we need
of light so that you can
see in the video but this light there
was nothing in our exhibition
I used the sync speed if
you do not know what speed is 5
roger david clicked on the link there that
appears
I explain everything on this subject
so here in this case on this device
I am at 1250th of a second
I am innocent and f8 if I take a
exposure now you see everything
is black so there is no
interference with ambient light
so now I'm going to plug the
infrared command like that on the road
secure game show and game there starts
I take a catch what will happen
is that the right light and the
left light are going to be equal the
so here you see it's the same
luminous force on the right and on the left
now if I click the button
ratio and well I can say that by
example the right flash will be eight
times more powerful than the flash of
left you see this is the case and then
very quickly go we go from the side
the left flash 8 times more powerful
that the right flash
So here you have it is
exactly the same features as
when using the embedded flash eh
good yes
so why would we want to buy a
additional equipment while
our built-in flash does the same thing
good for several reasons some
wage apparatuses do not have
embedded flash I think for example to
professional devices I know that
nikon to some devices with
flashes
but in canon that do not have the 5
the 5d a mark 1 5d mark ii and 5d mark
iii they do not have so
and then the same for geese some of
x and that's so they do not have you
need a trigger of some sort
that could be the case you mag
aged girls heard about racing
speed mode for flashes
so it's the same way it's a mode
you could not used
with your embedded flash this this
infrared control share the same
somehow disadvantages that your
built-in flash I think for example to
distance between your device and your
flash then there is a little more
powerful since it's infrared the
distance to the outside you can be
a believer 25 30 meters so that's
much more than putting your flash
integrated if you are inside you
will not have the problem since the radius
infrared will bounce off the surfaces
be careful though if you have any
showcases or windows or doors
glazed because the radius is likely to
lose but you need a
certain line of sight somehow
and what's good is that with this
order there if your flash is located
behind your device you have the
possibility to rotate to be a little
more in the right direction so here is
it's pretty much all you need
know about it too to our advantage
it's that you saw it in the other
video when I was using the built-in flash
the ebit is forced to go into the menus
to change all the ratios and all that
there I could do it directly from
from the back panel so that's when
even a little more practical here it is
all they had to have on this
this infrared command in our
next episode the last we go
see the famous radio release
and then waiting next time
but it's tommy go that tells you if you
like what you see well captured and
maybe with an infrared command
ciao